The Stump Window Manager
------------------------

Stumpwm is a window manager written entirely in Common Lisp. It
attempts to be highly customizable while relying entirely on the
keyboard for input. You will not find buttons, icons, title bars, tool
bars, or any of the other conventional GUI widgets. 

These design decisions reflect the growing popularity of productive,
customizable lisp based systems. As the software world careens
recklessly foward one thing is clear: "new" programming languages and
data formats are coming closer and closer to lisp. In the end,
everyone will be writing lisp in one form or another. The current
trends shown by Big Software is to use XML for all data formats. It
won't be long before we have XML interpreters, XML data being
interpreted as functions:

<math>
<operator>plus</operator>
<operand>4</operand>
<operand>5</operand>
</math>

I predict within 2 years Big Software will announce the Next Big
Thing: XML++. An Object Oriented language with all the advantages of
the superior XML data format coupled with modern advancements in
Server side Web based technologies. XML Code and XML Data will be
almost interchangeable, except for some tweaky markup which will be
justified by the need for more aggressive innovative content creation
services.

But why wait? We have it all already.

Installation
------------

Boot up a common lisp interpreter (I use CMUCL most of the time, but
I've tested it with SBCL as well). 

You'll need to load the CLX module for you lisp implementation. With a
Debian system running CMUCL, I type:

(require 'cmucl-clx)

Under SBCL I installed the CLX package and use

(require 'clx)

It may already be loaded.

Next, load stumpwm.lisp, stumpwm-input.lisp, and
stumpwm-user.lisp. For most configurations you should be able to type
the following:

(stumpwm:stumpwm "" :display 0)

The first argument is the host to connect to.

If you have problems post to the mailing list.

- Shawn
